---
title: "Venue"
date: 2018-11-01T13:38:57-07:00
draft: false
menu:
  main:
    title: "Venue"
    weight: 60
---

# Where is !!Con West 2018?

We're excited to bring **!!Con West 2018** to scenic Santa Cruz, California,
on the campus of [UC Santa Cruz](https://www.ucsc.edu/), on February 23rd
and 24th.  Santa Cruz is a joy of coastal California redwoods, about an
hour's drive from the bustle of Silicon Valley.  We'll be holding **!!Con
West** in the [Jack Baskin
Auditorium](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Jack+Baskin+Auditorium+101/@36.9997031,-122.0630586,17.32z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x808e4175229558fb:0x8d521799d868891c!8m2!3d37.000183!4d-122.0623527)
from about 10am to 5pm each day.

## Event size

We anticipate having capacity for approximately **175 attendees** at this
year's **!!Con West**, in addition to our speakers and organizers.

## Alcohol-free and all-ages

**!!Con West** is an **alcohol-free event**.  All ages are welcome.

## Gender-neutral restrooms

The venue will have two single-occupancy gender-neutral restrooms in the
same building as the auditorium; additionally, there are gender-labeled
restrooms in adjacent buildings.

## Lactation room

A secure, private space will be made available for anybody who needs a
lactation room.  Please ask a conference organizer, and we'll be happy to
get you access.

## CART captioning

**!!Con West** will have CART ("Communication Access Realtime
Transcription", or "Computer-Assisted Real-Time", depending on who you ask)
live transcription in English.

## Getting to UCSC

### By car

The best way to get to UCSC from most of the Peninsula is by way of CA-17,
which takes you from CA-85 through the Santa Cruz mountains into the city;
this takes about 45 minutes with no traffic.  Another option, if coming from
San Francisco, is to drive down by way of Half Moon Bay on CA-1, which would
take about an hour and a half without traffic.  Of course, since this is the
Bay Area, both of these routes are in fact prone to traffic, which could
delay you substantially, especially during peak hours!  On rainy days,
CA-17's mountain roads have been known to take some overconfident drivers by
surprise, so be extra careful and anticipate delays from crashes if
conditions are less-than-perfect.

### By public transit, and from inside Santa Cruz

Sadly, the options for public transit to Santa Cruz are very limited.  We
are committed to making **!!Con West** accessible to as many attendees as we
can, and over the coming days, we will have more information about how to
get to Santa Cruz if you don't have access to a car of your own!

### By air

The best options for getting in and out of the Bay Area by air are either
through San Francisco (SFO), or through San Jose (SJC).  There are tradeoffs
for each; there are more flights in and out of SFO, but SJC is about half an
hour to an hour closer to Santa Cruz, if you plan to drive yourself.  On the
other hand, there are shuttle options from SFO to Santa Cruz, if you don't
wish to rent a car.

## Venue accessibility

We want to make **!!Con West** accessible to as many attendees as possible. 
If you have questions about our venue, or the accessibility thereof, please
[contact the !!Con West organizers](mailto:bangbangcon.west@gmail.com).
